of all the people the Republicans could
have selected they pick Candace Owens I
don't know miss Owens
I'm not gonna characterize her I'm gonna
let her own words do the talking I'm
gonna play for you the first 30 seconds
of a statement she made about Adolf
Hitler I actually don't have any
problems at all with the word
nationalism I think that it gets the
definition gets poisoned by leaders had
actually want globalism globalism is
what I what I don't want so when you
think about whenever we say nationalism
the first thing people think about in at
least in America is Hitler you know he
was a National Socialist but if Hitler
just wanted to make Germany great and
have things run well okay hi
I became a conservative overnight you
know I realized that liberals were
actually the racist IRA liberals were
actually the trolls and then at the very
same time you have to remember this is
April 2016 Trump is on the screen saying
that the media is lying that CNN is fake
that all of this you know it all began
to resonate with me because I realized
that everything he was saying was true
those were actually the racist old
dreams outside of Germany he wanted to
globalize you want everybody to be
German everybody I want to go I want to
speak to liberals I want to go out I
want to speak to black people you know I
don't love getting advice liberals I
don't get invited by the liberal yeah I
get invited by libertarians in
conservative area tolerant yeah you're
okay with all of my liberal cred right
yeah but I hope you do yeah and that's
where I think that I can make the most
difference is that I really want to
speak to them and just level with them
this isn't about name-calling which
tends to only happen you know if you're
on the right comes from a left isn't
about name-calling isn't about trying to
you know say I'm right and you're wrong
or that you know I'm smart in your
stupid it's really about trying to level
with them and get them to understand
where their ideas came from because at a
certain point I was brainwashed to miss
Owen I'm soand I'm sorry I we just
started recording
would you like time to respond to that
yes um I think it's pretty apparent that
mr. lube believes that black people are
stupid and will not pursue the full
purpose entirety the purpose represented
which strengtheneth suspension only was
not proper who referred disparagingly or
to a member of the committee the witness
will not do that again
witness may continue sure even though I
was called despicable witness may not
refer to remember the committee this
stupid I didn't refer to him as dude but
that's not what I said I saw what I said
about you didn't listen to what I said
as I said he is assuming that black
people will not go pursue the full two
out of faith and he purposefully
extracted he cut off and you didn't hear
the question that was asked of me he's
trying to present as if I was launching
the defense of Hitler in Germany when in
fact the question that was asked of me
was returning to whether or not I
believed that Hitler was a whether or
not I believed in nationalism and that
nationalism was bad and when I responded
to is that I do not believe that we
should be characterizing Hitler as a
nationalist he was a homicidal
psychopathic maniac that killed his own
people a nationalist would not kill
their own people that is exactly what I
was referring to in the clip and he
purposely want to give you a cuddle
similar to what they do the Donald Trump
to create a different narrative that was
unbelievably dishonest and he did not
allow me to respond to it which is
worrisome once you tell you a lot about
where people are today in terms of
trying to drum up narratives by the way
I would like to also add that I work for
Prager University which is run by an
Orthodox Jew
[Music]
then at the end